The Hogs had a 17-3 lead in the first quarter.

The Hogs had a 27-10 lead in the second quarter.

The Hogs had a 30-17 lead in the third quarter.

The Hogs had a 33-24 lead with five minutes to go.

They did not win.

They have now lost five straight SEC games where they led heading into the fourth quarter. Arkansas led for nearly the entire game but eventually fell to Ole Miss 37-33.

After a month of horrid first quarter starts, Arkansas was able to jump out to an early lead. After the two teams traded field goals, Arkansas capped off a 7 play, 78 yard drive with a 39 yard touchdown to Cheyenne O’Grady down the sideline. Ryan Pulley picked off Jordan Ta’amu in the endzone, and Arkansas took advantage with a 69 yard run up the middle by Rakeem Boyd.

 

SEC Network
✔
@SECNetwork
 TO THE HOUSE!

Rakeem Boyd's 69-yard TD is @RazorbackFB's longest play from scrimmage this season.

7:21 PM - Oct 13, 2018
1,893
469 people are talking about this
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Boyd had a stellar first quarter, picking up over 100 rushing yards and 36 passing yards in the frame. However, he did get shaken up in the second quarter and did not return. Devwah Whaley also was hurt early in the second half, which mean the Hogs were reliant on Chase Hayden in the backfield.

It wouldn’t be Ole Miss and Arkansas without a little weirdness, after a play that drew a targeting on an Ole Miss player and so many unsportsmanlike conduct penalties the officials had to pull out a notebook to keep track of it all, Arkansas tried a weird double pass play that resulted in Ty Storey getting lit up while trying to catch a ball.

The very next play Cole Kelley came in and threw a 39 yard touchdown on a dime to La’Michael Pettway. The Hogs tacked on a field goal before Ole Miss put together a successful two minute drive at the end of the half to make things 27-17 at halftime.

Arkansas put up a field goal in their opening drive of the second half, but some poor tackling led to a long touchdown and a one possession game. Even with running backs down, Arkansas attempted to sustain drives with a power run game that was largely successful in the third quarter. The Hogs ended the game with 299 rush yards on 48 carries.

Storey got involved in the run game too, but it became apparent he still needs to avoid getting hit. With the Hogs up 33-24 in the fourth quarter, he took another huge hit that again knocked him out of the game.

Ole Miss drove down the field on a 10 play 84 yard drive to cut the game to just 33-31. Arkansas got one third down conversion but the drive stalled and needed to punt. Reid Bauer got a huge bounce and Ole Miss needed to drive 97 yards in just over two minutes. They cruised down the field with east and scored to take a 37-33 lead with 42 seconds to go.