Saturday’s shootout in War Memorial ended up being a battle of big plays between Arkansas and Ole Miss, and in the end, the Razorbacks didn’t make quite enough to steal their first SEC victory of the season, falling 37-33.

Most of the yardage for both teams was racked up due to explosive plays down the field, and the big plays started early. After giving up a field goal, Arkansas needed to answer the Rebels. Quarterback Ty Storey found Rakeem Boyd down the middle of the field for a 27-yard gain, setting up a three-pointer of their own from 43 yards out.

On Arkansas’ second drive of the game, Boyd broke free again, gaining 19 yards on a rush. Not long after, the Rebels appeared to have a solid rush off the edge, but Storey stepped up in the pocket and found tight end Cheyenne O'Grady for a 39-yard score.

Building on the momentum, cornerback Ryan Pulley stopped a threatening Rebel drive with an impressive interception in the end zone, giving the Hogs the ball back on their own 20.

The big plays continued when Boyd took a handoff and, giving shades of Darren McFadden against LSU, busted loose for a 69-yard scamper, putting Arkansas an early 17-3 lead. The long run gave Boyd his second straight 100-yard game and a career-high 106 rushing yards.

The Razorbacks tried to get tricky soon after, calling a wide receiver pass. Wideout Jared Cornelius’ first option on the play was to hit Chase Hayden out of the backfield, but when that wasn’t there, he floated it back to Storey, who took a vicious hit that sent him out of the game temporarily.

“Actually that was an outlet. The first option was the running back up the middle of the field. He was held up as he was getting through. So, that was an outlet to get it back to the quarterback,” Arkansas head coach Chad Morris said.

In came backup Cole Kelley to the rescue, and even though things looked bleak for a second, the 6-7 gunslinger kept his composure. Kelley tossed a beautiful 39-yard touchdown pass to La'Michael Pettway in the right side of the end zone as if he had done it a million times before.

After trading touchdowns and adding on another field goal, Arkansas held a 17-point lead with 2:28 left in the first half. From that point, the Hogs gave up a 10-play, 77-yard drive that ended in a Jordan Ta'amu to Damarkus Lodge touchdown pass, putting the deficit at 10 at the half.

Excluding a kneel down, Arkansas managed to score on all five of its offensive drives, scoring three touchdowns and adding two field goals, feeling pretty happy at the break.

The second half, however, was a different story. Arkansas lost its quarterback again to an injury, as well as both running backs - Boyd and Whaley, leaving things up to Kelley and Hayden in the backfield. From that moment, the Hogs got noticeably more conservative (out of necessity) and the defense couldn’t hold up its end of the bargain.

Up 30-17 in the third quarter, safety Santos Ramirez took one of his many bad angles and missed one of his many botched tackles on the night, allowing Ole Miss tight end Octavious Cooley to log a 66-yard catch-and-run score to completely shift the ball game.

Ole Miss wasn’t finished either. Arkansas continued to trade field goals for touchdowns, and the Rebels marched on, torching the Razorback defense. Down 33-24 with 7:09 remaining, Ole Miss started the drive on its own, using a number of dink and dunk passes, Ta’amu scrambled for 27 yards to Arkansas’ 2-yard-line. Running back Isaiah Woullard punched it in to pull the Rebels within two points.“The quarterback running was the biggest problem tonight. Defending that. We’ve never had problems this year defending that…They did a good job scheming us up and checking what defense we were in…It was just lead draw…We didn’t execute that today,” Arkansas linebacker De'Jon Harris said.

In the game, Ta’amu shined, finishing with 387 yards passing, 141 yards rushing and three total touchdowns.

“A think a guy that rushed for 154 yards (141) and passes for 387, he had a heck of a night. With his ability to see the field when the pocket collapses around him, keep his eyes open and eyes down the field…he’s one of the top quarterbacks in our league,” Morris said.

Pinning the Rebels at their own 3-yard-line, Arkansas still had a chance to win, despite everything that happened, but just couldn’t contain Ole Miss’ offensive attack. A busted coverage in the back end resulted in a 48-yard gain for tight end Dawson Knox, and with 42 seconds remaining, the Rebels took the lead for good, capping off the 97-yard drive with a five-yard touchdown run.

“We busted a formation in the secondary. One guy said he didn’t get the call, and you just can’t do that in critical situations. That was one of the problems, then they hit us with another quarterback draw and just punched it in,” Harris said.

On each of Ole Miss’ drives during the comeback, Arkansas gave up a quarterback run or pass downfield of 20 or more yards. The tackling was abysmal and the angles weren’t much better. For the second consecutive week, a defensive unit that once looked promising appeared to be totally outmatched, athletically and mentally.

When the dust was settled, the Hogs had surrendered 613 yards of offense with 387 of them coming through the air and 226 yards coming on the ground for the Rebels.

“Want to give Ole Miss credit. They’re fast. We knew they were one of the top offensive units in the country, and the top of the league. Thought we did some things that didn’t help ourself out, but you have to give them credit,” Morris said.

To make matters worse, the Razorbacks made some boneheaded errors that resulted in costly yardage. Linebacker Terrell Collins had a rough day on special teams. On one kickoff, instead of allowing the kick to trickle back to De'Vion Warren, Collins touched the ball and knocked it off its course, allowing the Rebels to tackle the Hogs on their own 10.

Late in the game when Arkansas was attempting a go-ahead score with 42 second left, Collins erased a big return from Warren that would’ve set the Razorbacks up in Ole Miss territory. 

Ultimately, Arkansas just didn’t make enough big plays and surrendered far too many to earn that all elusive first conference victory. Morris insists his team will continue to fight, but six straight defeats have to leave a massive weight on the shoulders of his players.