Despite losing by 34 points at home to the top-ranked Alabama Crimson Tide, Arkansas had plenty of things to be proud of from Saturday’s performance - specifically on the offensive end.

The Razorbacks, led by quarterback Ty Storey and running back Rakeem Boyd, scored the most points any team has against Alabama in a half (17) and a full game this season with 31. In fact, the Tide hadn’t surrendered that many points since the 2016 National Championship Game against Clemson. When the final horn sounded, the Hogs had logged 405 yards of total offense, racking up 233 yards through the air and 172 on the ground.

“I thought offensively this was our best performance. This offense continues to get better. It’s the best we’ve played against the best team we’ve played,” Arkansas head coach Chad Morris said. “Rakeem Boyd, Ty Storey continues to show his grit and his fight and he continues to get better. That’s what I shared with him on the sidelines in the third quarter, just how proud of him I am…It was impressive to continue to see them get better and allow us to open our package up even more.”

With Storey at the helm for the third consecutive week, the Arkansas offense looked more comfortable and efficient than it has all season long. Starting off already down a touchdown, the Hogs leaned on the tight ends early and often, completing three passes to three different tight ends on the first drive. Unfortunately, Storey’s fumbled ended the possession prematurely, but life had already been shown.

With 5:36 remaining in the first quarter, Arkansas set up shop at its own 25-yard-line and proceeded to put together an 11-play, 75-yard scoring drive in 5:14, culminating in an 8-yard scoring toss from Storey to tight end Cheyenne O'Grady. On the drive, Storey was incredibly effective, going 6 of 8 for 72 yards and a touchdown.

“The first one, we lined up three-wide and they were playing us man. The play was designed, I could either go inside or outside. I ran a corner route, and he (Alabama defender) was put in a bind…that made me wide open,” Razorback tight end Cheyenne O’Grady said.

Later in the first half, Storey spearheaded another scoring drive, completing all five of his passing attempts for 63 yards. Backup quarterback Cole Kelley entered the game in a goal line situation and hit O’Grady for his second touchdown of the day.

O’Grady was electric for the second straight week. After recording his first three receptions of the season for 77 yards against Texas A&M, the tight end was matchup nightmare on Saturday, finishing with seven catches for 48 yards and those two scores.

“O’Grady’s been a big spark for us. He’s really coming along and I think you can see the raw talent he has…He’s going to be a huge factor for us going forward,” Storey said.

Storey’s success wasn’t finished either as the redshirt junior took the offense down the field with a little over 12 minutes remaining in the fourth quarter, using an 11-yard run to set up a 16-yard touchdown pass to wideout De’Vion Warren to give Arkansas the most points scored against the Tide all season (24).

“I think that’s a big part of our offense. Every week, I feel like if I can take off and run…5-6 times, that gives them something else to have to defend,” Storey said.

Late in the contest, a 78-yard punt return by Warren put Arkansas in business in Alabama territory and the offense completed the job. Storey hit Tyson Morris for 11 yards and a big third down. Kelley reentered and punched the ball in the end zone to set the final score at 65-31 in favor of the Tide.

On the day, Storey found the Arkansas receiver on 25 of 39 attempts for 230 yards and two touchdowns. He did throw a pick-six in the second half, but outside of that mistake a few missed throws, the Charleston (Ark.) native performed incredibly well against the nation’s top team.

“You have to give credit to the coaches, the way we schemed them up. I thought we had some great stuff going in…That’s hard to do, especially against someone like Alabama,” Storey said. “I thought we had a really good game plan coming in and we played pretty well. Looking back, I know we had some points left out there.”

His backfield mate, Rakeem Boyd, continued to show his value as well. After leading the team in receptions the past two weeks, Boyd was active in both the passing and rushing games, putting up 102 yards on 15 carries and adding five catches for 24 yards. With that production, Boyd became the first Razorback running back to surpass the 100-yard mark against Alabama since Hog legend Darren McFadden amassed 195 yards in 2007.

“This is three weeks in a row that this young man continues to get better…A guy that just got here in August and getting himself in playing shape…rushed for 100-something yards and did a really good job in pass protection,” Morris said.

As far as play-calling goes, Arkansas appeared to have added a few wrinkles in the offensive arsenal, particularly plays designed to target the tight ends. The Razorbacks even looked to the NFL for some inspiration this week, implementing a tight end screen pass and it worked.

“That was actually something we put in this week and it looked great all week. That’s something I think we got off Kansas City. I’m not sure if I’m supposed to say that, but we got that off the Chiefs. It worked for us…It was a great play for us,” Storey said.

The final result isn’t acceptable, by fans, players or coaches alike. No one associated with the Razorback football program is satisfied with a 65-31 home loss, even to the No. 1 team. But, all things considered, Arkansas’ offense looked lightyears better than it has in the past and if it continues this current trajectory, the Hogs could be a force to reckoned with before the season is over.