FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. - By Otis Kirk

Auburn defeated Arkansas 34-3 on Saturday night in Jordan-Hare Stadium. It was the SEC opener for the Razorbacks and Auburn evened its conference mark. 

It was a game where Arkansas showed improvement in some areas, but took a step back in special teams. A week after giving up a 90-yard punt return for a touchdown against North Texas, the Hogs once again struggled on special teams. The defense played well and Chad Morris noted that following the game.

"I'm proud obviously of our coaching staff for having a great plan and our executed and were believing and buying in and their ability to play," Morris said. "They were put in some very tough situations. Special teams really, really  hamstrung us a lot. But those guys kept responding and I'm proud of them."

Arkansas' defense limited Auburn to 13 first downs and 225 yards of total offense with only 91 of that on the ground. Morris also had praise for junior Ty Storey who started his second game of the season.

"I  thought Ty was just gritty," Morris said. "He was gritty and left everything out there on the field against one of the best defensive fronts that's probably in college football. Those guys kept bringing pressure and he kept standing in there. He'd get knocked down and get right back up. He played his butt off. Obviously there are a few throws that we wish he could have back but Ty was definitely in control and command. It's something we can build on moving forward with Ty."

Storey completed 13 of 31 passes for 141 yards with one interception. He also rushed 12 times for 44 yards. He kept some drives alive with his legs. Arkansas had the ball for 32 minutes, 29 seconds compared to 27:31 for Auburn. The Hogs finished with 290 yards of total offense.

One area that has to improve though going forward is the Hogs only converted three first downs on 17 third-down attempts. That wasn't on just Storey several factors came into play. Arkansas was behind the chains some because of penalties. They only had eight compared to seven for Auburn, but it seemed like when the Hogs got one it was at the most inopportune time. 

Arkansas' defensive line continues to play well. It seems the combination of McTelvin Agim at end along with the return of Randy Ramsey on the opposite side the Hogs have found a good combination there. They have Armon Watts and T.J. Smith playing well inside. The offensive line allowed Storey to get hit far too much, but they did a good job opening holes for the running game against a great Auburn defense.

"Our players came out all week long and fought," Morris said. "They keep coming back into that building and and give it everything they've got. Everything. We keep asking them to give and they keep giving and giving and giving. 

"I shared with them how proud I am of them. If they'll continue with this trend. If they continue to keep pushing and getting better and keep giving that effort. We're closer than we can imagine."

Sophomore running back Rakeem Boyd had a good game. He rushed eight times for 66 yards with a long of 45 while also catching two passes for 38 including a long of 33. 

"I throughout Rakeem did a really good job tonight," Morris said. "Obviously I wish Devwah (Whaley) could have finished  because I thought Devwah was having a good night as well. But Rakeem came in and gave us a spark and showed us his speed and again just something we can continue to build on each and every day."

Sophomore safety Kamren Curl led the Hogs with nine tackles. Senior linebacker Dre Greenlaw returned to collect eight tackles, three for loss, one sack and a quarterback hurry. Agim, Ramsey and Ryan Pulley also had sacks. 

Arkansas will be at AT&T Stadium on Saturday to face Texas A&M. The kickoff is set for 11 a.m. and will be televised on ESPN. 