FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. - By Otis Kirk

Arkansas' offense had its best showing of the season in a 65-31 loss to No. 1 Alabama. 

The Razorbacks used a strong game by quarterback Ty Storey, running back Rakeem Boyd and tight end Cheyenne O'Grady to compile 405 yards of total offense against a talented Tide defense. The previous best total offense against Alabama was 393 by Texas A&M. The 31 points also topped A&M's 23 against the Tide.

Storey was 25 of 39 passing for 230 yards, two touchdowns and one interception. Storey also ran for 36 yards on nine carries. Boyd rushed 15 times for 102 yards while catching five passes for 24. O'Grady led all receivers in the game with seven receptions for 48 yards and two touchdowns.

What clicked for the offense today against the best team you guys have faced?

"I thought we had a really good game plan coming in and we played pretty well," Storey said. "Looking back I know there were a lot of points we left out there and we just have to keep getting better."

One thing that has made the offense much better the past two weeks is the play of O'Grady at tight end. In addition to Saturday's performance against the Tide, he caught three passes for 77 yards against the Aggies.

"O’Grady has been a big spark for us," Storey said. "He’s really come along  and you can see the raw talent the guy has. I think it’s important for us to keep improving on that. Still keep coming to work every day. He’s going to be a huge factor for us coming forward."

O'Grady was suspended the first two games of the season and didn't play against Eastern Illinois and Colorado State. He said it was during the Colorado State game that it hit him hard.

"After missing that second game, it was really hard," O'Grady said. "Just sitting at home and watching. That’s not what I came here to do. Something just clicked, and it didn’t feel right.

"So I took it upon myself and be where I’m supposed to be … Coach (Chad) Morris has a rule to be where you’re supposed to be, doing what you’re supposed to do to the best of your ability, and that’s what I’ve been really pressing on."

O'Grady talked some more about missing those two games.

"Of course nobody wants to do that, especially me, miss the first two games," O'Grady said. "This has been like a really rough road for me. The four years here. I contributed a little bit last year. To miss those first two games, I’m feeling like I really could have contributed like I have been. It was hard on me.

"To contribute what I’ve been doing so far, anybody could have done that. I’ve just been given the opportunity to do it. And I’m grateful for it."

Morris had praise for O'Grady both on and off the field afterward. He drew a parallel to O'Grady doing things right off the field and it meaning success on it.

"Well, I think a lot of that run hands in hand," Morris said.  "There’s a lot of parallel. I think he’s had another good week in his preparation and how he’s handled himself. Just watching his production level and his play making ability continues to improve. Very impressed with C.J., and I look forward to watching him grow."

Storey talked about the success of throwing the screen pass to O'Grady during the game and even admitted where the idea for the play came from.

"Yeah, that was something we actually put in this week," Storey said. "It looked great all week. That's something I think we got off Kansas City (Chiefs), I don't know if I'm actually supposed to say that, but yeah it looks really good and worked for us. We kept trying to come back to it and disguise it different ways. But it worked pretty good for us."

Boyd became the first running back at Arkansas to rush for a 100 yards against Alabama since Darren McFadden did it 2007 when he got 195 in Tuscaloosa. 

"We schemed them well and played pretty good up front," Boyd said. "I saw a hole so I just hit it."

Boyd credited McFadden for helping get him ready to go on Saturday.

"I did get to talk to Darren McFadden a little bit," Boyd said. "It pumped me up before the game. He just said, 'keep doing you.' I went out there and did it."

Morris talked about Arkansas putting up more points on Alabama than anyone else has this season.

"When you coach offensive football, it takes time to create continuity," Morris said. "It takes time to create consistency. And you go through growing pains. You find out that what you thought was your playmaker maybe needs to be put at another position. You try to balance that as you’re adding your offense in.

"Then you realize that maybe I need to scale some stuff back. It’s been a process and I think it will continue to be a process. You see that we continue to add a little bit each week about who we are and who we want to be. We won’t get to it all this year but we’ll get to what they can retain and what they can execute."

While the offense is getting better and the defense has played well the past couple of games prior to Alabama, the wins are still not coming.

"It's obviously tough any time you lose," Storey said. "Just the steps we've made you can tell we're getting better. We can compete with anybody in the country. It's just all about us. We've got to keep getting better. Keep coming to work everyday and it's gonna happen. Just win, keep working hard."

The offensive line only allowed one sack in the game. Brian Wallace went to the sideline limping in the game. Morris talked about the line's play and Wallace's injury.

"Brian sprained his ankle," Morris said. "I thought there was some really good things in the offensive line that we did. We’ve got to continue building. We gave up one sack today against one of the best defensive fronts in college football. I thought those guys got better. They got better and it was a lot of the reason why we improved so much offensively."

Arkansas had a chance to pull within one touchdown, 21-14, early in the second quarter, but Storey fumbled at the one after a four-yard gain. Morris was asked about being so close to pulling within seven of the Tide there.

"I would have loved to see what it would’ve looked like at 21-14 right there you know," Morris said. "The crowd was in it and they stayed in it all game. But golly, the guy comes in makes a great play on the ball, puts a hat on the ball. Ty is trying to go in. At the time I thought he was trying to reach over the goal line and he wasn’t. He had good ball security. The guy put a good tackle on it.

"We just felt the same thing that hey we’re in this thing. We’ve got a lot of momentum, we’re moving the football. Now you’ve got a sudden change here and you’ve got to put your defense back out on the field. I thought if it did anything it provided some confidence to that offense that was like OK, we’re moving this football. We’re moving it."

Storey was asked about the play as well afterward and what happened?

"I’ve got to hold on to the ball going in," Storey said. "That was a key moment. I don’t exactly know what happened but I have to hold on to the ball better."

Arkansas (1-5, 0-3) will travel to Little Rock next week to host Ole Miss. Alabama (6-0, 3-0) will be at home to host Missouri.