DENVER, Col. - Arkansas built a big lead and appeared to be on their way to a second win in as many games. But then a series of events led to Colorado State rallying to take a 34-27 victory on Saturday night.

Some series of events led to Arkansas losing after holding a 27-9 lead with 7:28 remaining in the third quarter. The Hogs appeared to be ready to put the game away when Deon Stewart returned a punt 45 yards to the Colorado State 28.

However, on first down Cole Kelley threw to Jordan Jones who was unable to come down with a foot in bounds. After a review, the call on the field stood and the Hogs had a second-and-10. Kelley then rushed for three yards. A false start on true freshman Noah Gatlin moved the ball back to the Colorado State 30. On third-and-12, Kelley threw to Chase Harrell who couldn't come down with the pass. Connor Limpert then attempted a 47-yard field goal that was no good.

The Rams immediately went on a seven-play, 70-yard drive that ended with K.J. Carta-Samuels passing four yards to Preston Williams for a touchdown. Carta-Samuels added the two-point conversion with a pass to Cameron Butler. That pulled the Rams to within 27-17 with 2:46 remaining in the third quarter.

It appeared the momentum was slipping away from Arkansas at that time. The Hogs took over at their own 25 and served the Rams a steady dose of Devwah Whaley. He ran for 5-, 11- and 4-yard gains to the Arkansas 45. Then Kelley threw to De'Vion Warren for a one-yard loss to set up third-and-seven play at the Arkansas 44. Kelley found La'Michael Pettway for a six-yard gain to midfield as the third quarter ended. It was fourth-and-inches for Arkansas. In a key play in the game, Chad Morris opted to punt with Reid Bauer pinning the Rams at their own 8-yard line. However a penalty against the Rams moved the ball back to the four. 

Carta-Samuels promptly took the Rams on a nine-play, 96-yard drive that ended with him throwing a nine-yard touchdown to Williams. The Colorado State players and fans sensed the game was there for the taking at that point and it was.

The Hogs got the ball back three times in the fourth quarter, but could only muster one first down, a 10-yard run by Whaley. The Rams scored each time they had the ball in the fourth quarter.

A few observations from the game:

1. The quarterbacks didn't have a great night as they passed for only 138 yards. However it wasn't all on the quarterbacks. The receivers dropped several passes and didn't come down with some balls that while weren't perfectly thrown were catchable. The result was Arkansas couldn't sustain any momentum. 

2. The missed field goal by Limpert, the decision to punt on fourth-and-one and also the fact Arkansas had to settle for two field goals in the first half contributed to the momentum shift. Arkansas also got a personal foul on a second-and-10 pass that was incomplete that was a 15-yard penalty and gave the Rams a first-and-10 at the Hogs 45. That was part of the 96-yard drive. 

3. The one positive from the game was the running game that wasn't existent against Eastern Illinois got going. The Hogs rushed for 299 yards and one touchdown on 53 attempts. Whaley ended with 165 yards and a touchdown, Rakeem Boyd had 67 yards and Chase Hayden 55. Storey had a big 17-yard run in the first half.

4. Arkansas started two true freshman, Gatlin at left tackle and Bumper Pool at the Will linebacker. Bauer who took over at punter for Blake Johnson was the other true freshman to play.

5. Tight end Cheyenne O'Grady didn't make the trip and Morris said afterward he was still suspended. 

6. McTelvin Agim was a positive. He moved back to defensive end for the game and introduced himself to Carta-Samuels many times. He had four tackles, a tackle for loss, two forced fumbles, a recovered fumble and two quarterback hurries. Playing end allows him to do things he can't do inside. 

7. De'Jon Harris had 11 tackles, one tackle for loss and two pass breakups. Santos Ramirez followed with 10 tackles, D'Vone McClure added nine tackles. Ryan Pulley had five tackles, an interception and two pass breakups. Armon Watts had five tackles, one sack, 1.5 tackles for loss, a forced fumble and a quarterback hurry. Pool and Grant Morgan each had 0.5 tackle for loss, Gabe Richardson had one tackle for loss and T.J. Smith had 0.5 tackle for loss. 