FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. - Arkansas got off to a slow start, but the aggressiveness of the defense plus the spark from Ty Storey in the second quarter led to a 55-20 blowout win over Eastern Illinois at Reynolds Razorback Stadium.

It allowed Chad Morris to get his team off to a 1-0 start before heading to Fort Collins next weekend to face Colorado State (0-2). It was a defense that forced five turnovers including a touchdown by Briston Guidry, the second of his career. 

Storey came off the bench to finish 12 of 17 passing for 261 yards and three touchdowns. He also rushed three times for 15 yards and a touchdown. Storey entered the game with Arkansas leading 10-0 with 11:18 remaining in the first half. He promptly led the Hogs to 28 points in the quarter and a 38-6 lead at intermission. 

"The name of the game is putting the ball in the end zone," Morris said. "That's really the key when this whole thing comes into play. How can I get the ball in the end zone? We were assigned and we had planned out to play Ty fourth series. That was planned and from the get go all week long. That's where Ty was going in."

On Storey's first series, he led the Hogs to an 11-play, 80-yard drive. It ended with Devwah Whaley rushing one yard for a touchdown. The big play on the drive was Storey's first completion. It was a 46-yard completion to Jordan Jones to the EIU 35 on a third-and-11 play from the Arkansas 19. 

"It was great to see," Morris said of Jones' play. That third down catch was a big spark for us. Jordan is a young man who's had a consistent camp and I've talked about him through camp. It was good to see him have some positive things happen to him."

Jones finished the game with five receptions for 132 yards and a touchdown. His longest catch was a 57-yard touchdown reception from Storey with just 45 seconds remaining in the first half. That was a one-play drive. 

Storey's second series came in EIU territory. Linebacker De'Jon Harris separated running back Isaiah Johnson from the ball at the EIU 27 with safety Santos Ramirez falling on the ball. It took Storey three plays to get the ball into the end zone. He hit wide receiver La'Michael Pettway who had slipped down, but caught the ball while on his back for a 14-yard touchdown. 

After a series led to a punt, Storey then led the Hogs down the field again. This time it was a four-play, 79-yard drive that ended with him throwing a 48-yard touchdown to Pettway for a 31-6 lead. The pass to Jones was the other touchdown in the second quarter. 

Storey also had a 2-yard run for a touchdown in the third quarter. That series was set up by yet another turnover forced by the defense. EIU had a fourth-and-one at the Arkansas 27. Quarterback John Brantley was sacked for an eight-yard loss by D'Vone McClure who also knocked the ball out. Linebacker Bumper Pool picked it up and raced 60 yards to the EIU five. On first down, Chase Hayden ran for three yards and then Storey raced around left end for the score. 

This team was picked to finish last in the SEC West by the media and most other observers. The West is loaded as usual. Alabama blasted Louisville, Auburn beat Washington, Ole Miss easily downed Texas Tech and then Mississippi State and Texas A&M blasted a rent-a-win team as did the Hogs. LSU faces a tough test tonight against Miami. 

It's obvious that Storey will get a long look to be the starter against Colorado State, but remember Morris wisely likes to have another quarterback ready. Don't expect Cole Kelley to be put on the bench and never heard from again. 

It appears that quarterback may be a position much stronger than anticipated. The defense is aggressive as promised. The biggest concern on Saturday had to be Arkansas' lackluster running game. They rushed for 80 yards on 37 carries. 

"I was expecting more out of the run game, but I'm not quick to make an assessment on that until I watch some film," Morris said. "But I think there's some areas that I think we have to get better in. 

"Not everything, but we have to run harder, we've got to block better, we've got to hold our blocks better and we might have some reads and the quarterback position that we may have pulled a read when we should have held the read. Those are things we'll just have to go back in and reevaluate."

The next challenge will be a road test at Colorado State. They are 0-2 following losses to Hawaii 43-34 at home and then Colorado 45-13 in Denver. Morris knows they will get Colorado State's best shot. 

The Hogs should be up to the challenge if they continue to improve following Saturday's performance.