LITTLE ROCK, Ark. - By Otis Kirk

Arkansas led the majority of the game, but Ole Miss scored with 42 seconds remaining in the game to take a 37-33 victory in Little Rock's War Memorial Stadium. 

The Razorbacks led 33-24 after three quarters, but didn't score in the fourth quarter while playing without starting quarterback Ty Storey as well as both Rakeem Boyd and Devwah Whaley at running back. Those three as well as defensive end McTelvin Agim exited with injuries. A disappointed Chad Morris talked to the media following the game.

"I want to give Ole Miss credit," Morris said. "They're fast. They are one of the top offensive units in the country. I want to give them credit, but I think we did some things that didn't help ourselves out."

Storey completed 12 of 16 passes for 122 yards and a touchdown while also rushing nine times for 70 yards. He was injured early in the fourth quarter following a 10-yard run for a touchdown at the Arkansas 30. He exited the game at that point and didn't return. 

"I thought offensively Ty Storey was the toughest football player in the stadium without a doubt," Morris said. 

Cole Kelley came in to replace Storey. Kelley was 2 of 5 passing for 60 yards, a touchdown and interception. He also rushed seven times for 25 yards. 

"I thought Cole did some good things," Morris said. "He came in and provided a spark for us at times."

Boyd rushed seven times for 109 yards and a 69-yard touchdown before leaving with an injury. Whaley, who just returned this week following a concussion in the Auburn game in Week 4, rushed 12 times for 67 yards before he too left with an injury. 

"When you had Devwah and Rakeem going and the pace they were going at was very impressive," Morris said. "I hate they couldn't finish the game."

Just as it did at Colorado State, Arkansas' defense just couldn't get stops in the fourth quarter despite favorable field position. Ole Miss went 84 yards in 10 plays with Isaiah Woullard scoring on a two-yard run with 4:15 remaining in the game. That pulled the Rebels to within 33-31.

After Arkansas was forced to punt, Ole Miss drove 97 yards in seven plays scoring on a five-yard run by Scottie Phillips with 42 seconds left in the game. The Rebels went for two, but it failed.. However that was all they needed as Arkansas' Kelley was intercepted on the final drive. 

"Defensively I thought all year long if you asked me which unit I want on the field with 97 yards to go definitely defensively we've been playing very well," Morris said. "Ole Miss made some plays on that last drive and picked up some key third downs in the second half which was critical."

Ta'amu completed 26 of 35 passes for 387 yards, two touchdowns and one interception. He also rushed 17 times for 141 yards and a touchdown. 

"I think a guy that rushes for 154 yards (before lost yardage figured in) and passes for 387 he had a heck of a night," Morris said. "His ability to see the field with the pocket collapsing around him and his eyes able to see down the field. That's why he's one of the top quarterbacks in our league."

Ryan Pulley, who had an interception earlier in the game, was ejected late in the game. Morris was asked what happened on that play as well as an injury update.

"I don't know," Morris said. "Obviously we lost our composure which is very disappointing. I think Boyd was a back, Whaley an ankle, we will revaluate Ty tomorrow to see where he's at and Sosa was a knee I believe."

Did it hamstring the play calling when you didn't have your starting quarterback and two tailbacks late in the game?

"I don't know so much about that," Morris said. "I'm not in here to make an excuse. Our guys played hard and obviously we would have loved to have those guys out there. Rakeem was on pace to have another career night. Devwah as well. It's the next man up."

Connor Limpert was perfect on four field goal attempts. He hit from 43, 38, 38 and 36 yards. Morris complimented Limpert following the game as well. Reid Bauer only had to punt twice and averaged 47.5 yards. 

Wide receiver La'Michael Pettway had three receptions for 77 yards including a 39-yard touchdown pass from Kelley. Tight end Cheyenne O'Grady had three catches for 41 yards including a 39-yard touchdown pass from Storey. 

Linebacker De'Jon Harris led the Hogs with 13 tackles while Santos Ramirez added six. 