ARLINGTON, Texas - By Otis Kirk

Texas A&M jumped out to a 17-0 lead over Arkansas, but then had to hang on at the end to defeat the Hogs 24-17 on Saturday in AT&T Stadium.

Arkansas was down 24-10 with 5:03 remaining in the game, but then Ty Storey led the squad on a six-play, 75-yard drive that ended with him throwing 29 yards to Michael Woods for a touchdown. Connor Limpert add the PAT. 

The Arkansas defense then forced a Texas A&M punt. The Razorbacks took over at their own 26 with 1:51 remaining in the game. Storey passed eight yards to Jordan Jones on first down. He then found Rakeem Boyd for 11 more and a first down at his own 45. 

After a first-down pass intended for La'Michael Pettway was incomplete, Storey then tried to go deep to De'Vion Warren. A&M's Donovan Wilson intercepted at the Aggies 26 to preserve the seventh victory in a row in this series. 

Storey was 14 of 26 passing for 193 yards and a touchdown. He was sacked five times. Storey wasn't having part of a moral victory afterward.

"We lost it's as simple as that," Storey said. "We've got to start winning ballgames and that's on me more than anybody else. The defense is playing as good as I've been a part of. I think we're definitely getting better, but at the end of the day we've got to win ballgames."

But after being blown out at home by North Texas, then lost 34-3 to Auburn but this week to be in a position to go down and tie or win the game on the last drive. Especially after being down 17-0 what do you make of the situation to still be in it with under two minutes to go?

"That's all you can ask for as a quarterback, as an offense," Storey said. "You want to get put in the position where you can win the ballgame for your team. We were right there and got some momentum going good. Then I messed it up. We've got to get back to basics and it starts with me."

Storey talked about what he saw on the pass that was intended for Warren that was intercepted.

"We had a corner route, a smash concept, and I thought I looked the safety off....obviously not enough," Storey said. "Then I floated it. I've got to drill it and put it outside. We work on stuff like that everyday. The coaches put that in our head so it's on me as simple as that."

Chad Morris saw his team rally throughout the game and get better as it went along despite falling behind 7-0 on the opening kickoff. 

"I can not be more proud of the players, coaches in that locker room," Morris said. "Their fight. These guys have continued to show up everyday and hit that tree in the same spot. As I shared with them in that locker room, if you continue to do that it's gonna fall. The effort, care and love they have in that locker room for each other was very apparent today especially after you took a huge punch on the opening play of the game."

A week after several special team breakdowns against Auburn, it looked like more of the same on Saturday. A&M's Jashaun Corbin took Limpert's kickoff and raced 100 yards for a touchdown to start the game. Seth Small added the PAT for a 7-0 lead.

"We've got guys in position and a guy fell down," Morris said. "But the thing you saw was the guys rallied back."

A&M's Jimbo Fisher was very complimentary of Arkansas following the game as well.

"Thought Arkansas played extremely hard," Fisher said. "Great job by Chad and his crew."

Not only did the Aggies score on the opening kickoff, they also went nine plays, 79 yards for a touchdown on their second possession. The Aggies were helped along by a pass interference call on the drive. Running back Trayveon Williams finished the drive with a one-yard run. The Aggies led 14-0 with 8:36 remaining in the opening period. 

The Aggies took a 17-0 lead with 12:36 remaining in the first half on a 30-yard field goal by Small. Morris talked about the game after that point and how the team managed to fight its way back into it.

"I think you look...obviously, defensively, you're playing really well," Morris said. "I think they had just a couple of drives in there that really kind of got them going. But just the fight. We've been in that situation before, and nobody's going to give in and noboby's going to give up."

While the defense was playing and special teams much better after the first kickoff, what did you talk to the offense about doing to get back into the game?

"And we kept stressing that, from an offensive standpoint, we just wanted to start with first downs," Morris said. "Let's play one play at a time and get a first down. We had a spark right there in that second quarter. And C.J. (Cheyenne) O'Grady gave us the spark, a great pass with Ty. And it lifted us. It gave these guys confidence. That's one thing offensively that we struggled with this year is confidence."

Tight end Jeremy Patton was injured early in the game and left the field afterward on crutches. What about his injury and also how good was it to see O'Grady really step up this week?

"[Jeremy] was an ankle," Morris said. "We'll reevaluate that. Obviously, he did not come back in. I thought C.J. has continued to improve this year. And it was good to see him make some plays. I was very glad to see that."

The Hogs cut the A&M lead to 17-7 with 9:35 remaining in the second period. Cole Kelley scored on a one-yard run. The drive started at the Arkansas 25. On first down, Storey threw to O'Grady for a 36-yard gain. Then Rakeem Boyd rushed for 16 yards to the Aggies 23. On second and 10, Storey passed to O'Grady for a 17-yard gain to the A&M six. T.J. Hammonds rushed for five yards to the one to set up Kelley's run.

Arkansas linebacker Dre Greenlaw intercepted a Kellen Mond pass on A&M's next possession. For Greenlaw, it was his first of two interceptions on the day. He also had 13 tackles.

After Arkansas survived a missed field goal by Small late in the first half, they got the ball to start the third quarter. Storey took the team on a nine-play, 46-yard drive that ended with Limpert nailing a 47-yard field goal. That cut the Aggies lead to 17-10 with 11:16 remaining in the third quarter.

Williams scored his second touchdown of the game with 5:03 remaining. That appeared to put the game on ice, but Arkansas had other ideas. 

Another bright area for Arkansas on Saturday was the punting of freshman walk-on Reid Bauer. He averaged 43.2 yards on eight punts. He had a long of 50 and buried one inside the A&M 20. Morris was pleased with Bauer and had seen the improvement coming on.

"I think a lot of it had to do with the confidence that he had in the guys up front to fix the issues that we had last week," Morris said. "As I shared with you last week, everything was fixable.

"He has shown that in practice. For a true freshman to come in an environment like this, we're very proud of him and he'll continue to get better."

Boyd finished the game with 47 yards on 10 carries and caught four passes for 33 more. For the game, Arkansas had 11 first downs to 24 for the Aggies. Arkansas rushed for 55 yards to 176 for the opponent. Arkansas passed for 193 yards while Texas A&M had 201.

Linebacker De'Jon Harris led all players with 16 tackles while adding one sack and two tackles for loss. That game the two linebackers for Arkansas 29 tackles and the pair of picks by Greenlaw.

"Unbelievable, I don't know if I've ever been a part of two guys that were that productive in one game, very much just all over the field and very impactful," Morris said. 

Safety Santos Ramirez had 10 tackles. Defensive tackle Armon Watts had five tackles, one sack and a tackle for loss. T.J. Smith also added a sack, a tackle for loss and two tackles.

Arkansas will return home on Saturday to face No. 1 Alabama at 11 a.m. on ESPN.